docs/make-integration.md, before:

# Make.com Integration for Facebook Publishing

This document explains how to set up the Make.com (formerly Integromat) integration to publish articles to Facebook.

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Create a Make.com Account

1. Sign up for a Make.com account at [https://www.make.com/](https://www.make.com/)
2. Create a new scenario

### 2. Configure the Webhook

1. Add a "Webhook" module as the trigger
2. Select "Custom webhook"
3. Configure the webhook to accept JSON data
4. Copy the webhook URL provided by Make.com

### 3. Add Facebook Module

1. Add a "Facebook" module as the action
2. Connect your Facebook account
3. Select "Create a Post" action
4. Configure the post parameters:
   - Page: Select your Facebook page
   - Message: Map to the `content` field from the webhook
   - Link: (Optional) Map to any URL fields
   - Image: (Optional) Map to the `media_urls` array

### 4. Configure Environment Variables

Add the following variables to your `.env.local` file:

```
MAKE_WEBHOOK_URL=https://hook.make.com/your-webhook-id
FACEBOOK_PAGE_ID=your-facebook-page-id
```

Replace `your-webhook-id` with the actual webhook ID from Make.com and `your-facebook-page-id` with your Facebook page ID.

### 5. Test the Integration

1. Publish a post from your application
2. Check the Make.com scenario execution logs
3. Verify that the post appears on your Facebook page

## Troubleshooting

- **Webhook not receiving data**: Check that the webhook URL is correctly set in your environment variables
- **Facebook post not appearing**: Verify your Facebook permissions and page access
- **Error in Make.com scenario**: Check the execution logs for specific error messages

## Advanced Configuration

### Adding Error Handling

You can add error handling in Make.com by:

1. Adding an "Error Handler" module
2. Configuring it to send notifications or retry the operation

### Scheduling Posts

To schedule posts for future publication:

1. Add a "Scheduler" module between the webhook and Facebook modules
2. Configure the desired schedule (e.g., specific time, delay)

### Multiple Platforms

To publish to multiple platforms:

1. Add additional modules for each platform (e.g., Instagram, LinkedIn)
2. Configure each module with the appropriate API credentials
3. Map the content fields accordingly

Commit message:

Refactor Make.com webhook integration; enhance error handling and logging in the webhook endpoint, and update post action to include content mapping for Facebook. Add documentation for HTTP module configuration in Make.com integration.

docs/make-integration.md, after:

# Make.com Integration for Facebook Publishing

This document explains how to set up the Make.com (formerly Integromat) integration to publish articles to Facebook.

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Create a Make.com Account

1. Sign up for a Make.com account at [https://www.make.com/](https://www.make.com/)
2. Create a new scenario

### 2. Configure the Webhook

1. Add a "Webhook" module as the trigger
2. Select "Custom webhook"
3. Configure the webhook to accept JSON data
4. Copy the webhook URL provided by Make.com

### 3. Add Facebook Module

1. Add a "Facebook" module as the action
2. Connect your Facebook account
3. Select "Create a Post" action
4. Configure the post parameters:
   - Page: Select your Facebook page
   - Message: Map to the `content` field from the webhook
   - Link: (Optional) Map to any URL fields
   - Image: (Optional) Map to the `media_urls` array

### 4. Add HTTP Module to Send Data Back (Optional)

1. Add an "HTTP" module after the Facebook module
2. Configure it to send a POST request to your application's webhook endpoint:
   - URL: `https://your-domain.com/api/make-webhook`
   - Method: POST
   - Body: JSON with any data you want to send back (e.g., comments, post status)
3. This allows Make.com to send data back to your application after publishing

### 5. Configure Environment Variables

Add the following variables to your `.env.local` file:

```
MAKE_WEBHOOK_URL=https://hook.make.com/your-webhook-id
FACEBOOK_PAGE_ID=your-facebook-page-id
```

Replace `your-webhook-id` with the actual webhook ID from Make.com and `your-facebook-page-id` with your Facebook page ID.

### 6. Test the Integration

1. Publish a post from your application
2. Check the Make.com scenario execution logs
3. Verify that the post appears on your Facebook page
4. Check your application logs for any data sent back from Make.com

## Troubleshooting

- **Webhook not receiving data**: Check that the webhook URL is correctly set in your environment variables
- **Facebook post not appearing**: Verify your Facebook permissions and page access
- **Error in Make.com scenario**: Check the execution logs for specific error messages
- **Data not being sent back to your application**: Verify the HTTP module configuration and your application's webhook endpoint

## Advanced Configuration

### Adding Error Handling

You can add error handling in Make.com by:

1. Adding an "Error Handler" module
2. Configuring it to send notifications or retry the operation

### Scheduling Posts

To schedule posts for future publication:

1. Add a "Scheduler" module between the webhook and Facebook modules
2. Configure the desired schedule (e.g., specific time, delay)

### Multiple Platforms

To publish to multiple platforms:

1. Add additional modules for each platform (e.g., Instagram, LinkedIn)
2. Configure each module with the appropriate API credentials
3. Map the content fields accordingly 

## Webhook Endpoint

Your application includes a webhook endpoint at `/api/make-webhook` that can receive data from Make.com. This endpoint:

1. Accepts POST requests with JSON data
2. Logs the received data to the console
3. Returns a success response

You can use this endpoint to:
- Receive confirmation that a post was published
- Get comments or other data from Facebook
- Update your application's database with the latest post status

To test the endpoint, you can send a POST request to `/api/make-webhook` with any JSON data.
